feature/hiro hacks (#570)
hirosystems/docs: docs/hacks/index.md

---
title: 'Hiro Hacks'
displayed_sidebar: hacks
slug: /hacks
---

# Hiro Hacks

<div className="gap-3 flex flex-wrap mb-6">
  <a
    className="inline-block bg-neutral-200 hover:bg-neutral-100 rounded-md text-sm text-neutral-700 px-2 py-1 hover:text-neutral-700 hover:no-underline transition-colors"
    href="https://rfw7zqyd.paperform.co/"
    target="_blank"
  >
    Submission Form <span className="i-radix-icons-link-2 align-text-bottom text-lg"></span>
  </a>
  <a
    className="inline-block bg-violet-300 hover:bg-violet-200 rounded-md text-sm text-violet-800 px-2 py-1 hover:text-violet-800 hover:no-underline transition-colors"
    href="https://stacks.chat"
  >
    Discord Support <span className="i-bi-discord align-text-bottom text-lg"></span>
  </a>
</div>

> **Hiro Hacks** is a series of challenges that prepare developers to build on Bitcoin layers. We are rolling out new challenges every Friday for the first 3 weeks of December (December 1st, 8th, and 15th). Each Friday, we will introduce a new `Hack` that involves:
> 
> - **Guided Discovery**: We will help you navigate our products, starting from the basic building blocks to create something awesome.
> - **Creative Freedom**: As you go through the guide, your task is to _make it your own_ through the `Challenges` section, which is designed to push your understanding in creative and rewarding directions.
> - **Supporting Resources**: We'll offer guides and starter templates to enhance your experience and jumpstart each hack.
> - **Community**: Connect with peers and mentors on Discord, and share your creations with the world.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Hiro Hacks** is a series of coding challenges that prepare developers to build on Bitcoin layers. We're dropping a new `Hack` the next three Fridays—December 1st, 8th, and 15th. And as part of the launch, we are giving away BTC prizes for the ten best submissions per week! Each Hack involves:

- **Discovery**: Build awesome apps, overcome challenges, and win prizes
- **Advancement**: Become a full-stack Stacks developer before the Bitcoin Halving in April
- **Supporting Resources**: We'll offer guides and starter templates to enhance your experience and jumpstart each hack.
- **Community**: Connect with peers and mentors on Discord, and share your creations with the world.

And there's also a grand prize for the hacker who best completes all three hacks...
```
